Move snapshot/restore reference content to reference - part II (#5544)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/tools/snapshot-and-restore/s3-repository.md

Reviewer: I'd like to share feedback on the Getting Started section:

<img width="797" height="531" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/95b2c845-ea23-4901-b92c-ddd0e343839b" />

I would try to refine a bit that paragraph....

> Clients are configured through a combination of [secure settings](../../security/secure-settings.md) defined in the {{es}} keystore, and [standard settings](/deploy-manage/stack-settings.md) defined in `elasticsearch.yml`

That sentence fits better in the client configuration section, don't you think?

consider something like this for the intro:

{{es}} communicates with S3 through an S3 client. By default, a `default` client attempts to obtain credentials automatically from the environment in multiple ways:

- When running on AWS EC2, it can use the EC2 Instance Metadata Service (IMDS) to obtain temporary credentials for the instance IAM role.
- When running in ECS, it can obtain credentials from the task IAM role.
- When running on Kubernetes, it can use service account credentials.

If you do not want to rely on automatic credentials discovery, you can configure credentials explicitly for the `default` client in the Elasticsearch keystore:

s3.client.default.access_key
s3.client.default.secret_key
s3.client.default.session_token   # optional

(not sure if showing these 3 settings here is a good call, or maybe better in the "client settings" section. But definitely this document should show the most common or "mandatory" settings for non-automatic connections).

Author: Hi @eedugon, this is a really good suggestion, thank you! 
I've made changes that hopefully reflect what you had in mind. 

Could you please take another look at this PR when you get the chance?

}
```

> [Client settings](#repository-s3-client) cover authentication and how a repository picks a client name. The `PUT` request above only registers the `s3` type and `bucket`. Place your S3 client configuration in that section, unless automatic credential discovery already applies in your environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Client settings](#repository-s3-client) describe how repositories select an S3 client and how authentication is configured. The `PUT` request above only specifies the `s3` type and `bucket`, so it implicitly uses the `default` client, which, by default, also attempts to resolve credentials automatically from the environment if no explicit settings are provided. Client configuration is covered in the following section.
```

## Client settings [repository-s3-client]

> The S3 client that you use to connect to S3 has a number of settings available. The settings have the form `s3.client.CLIENT_NAME.SETTING_NAME`. By default, `s3` repositories use a client named `default`, but this can be modified using the [repository setting](#repository-s3-repository) `client`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure multiple S3 clients, each with its own settings. Client settings use the form `s3.client.CLIENT_NAME.SETTING_NAME`.

By default, {{es}} configures a client named `default` when it detects a compatible environment. `s3` repositories use this client unless another client is specified with the [repository setting](#repository-s3-repository) `client`.
```

S3 client settings cover authentication, region and endpoint selection, proxy/network configuration, and connection or retry tuning.
For a complete list of all S3 client settings, refer to [S3 repository client settings](elasticsearch://reference/elasticsearch/configuration-reference/s3-repository-settings.md#repository-s3-client-settings).

> ## Repository settings [repository-s3-repository]

Reviewer: If we don't include any other example, please include in the example below the repository setting named `client` (with value "default" if you like) so we at least show how the repository and the clients are linked.

We have removed the example and explanation that addressed that in the doc.

Reviewer: We can also include in the example a footnote <1> in the `client` setting and say something like:

```
1. `client` must refer to a configured S3 client. If omitted, the `default` client is used.
```

Author: Making this change in a new commit, thank you!

bin/elasticsearch-keystore remove s3.client.default.session_token
```

> Define the relevant secure settings in each node's keystore before starting the node. The secure settings described here are all [reloadable](../../security/secure-settings.md#reloadable-secure-settings) so you may update the keystore contents on each node while the node is running and then call the [Nodes reload secure settings API](https://www.elastic.co/docs/api/doc/elasticsearch/operation/operation-nodes-reload-secure-settings) to apply the updated settings to the nodes in the cluster. After this API completes, {{es}} will use the updated setting values for all future snapshot operations, but ongoing operations may continue to use older setting values.

Reviewer 2: I think it'd be better to keep the instructions about configuring the settings next to the docs for the settings themselves. I doubt users will find this information if it's on a separate page.
